new draft (#106)
kedro-org/kedro-devrel: blog_post_collaboration/Integrating_Kedro_with_Databricks.md

It can be installed with a `pip install databricks-connect`, and it will substitute your local SparkSession:

```
from databricks.connect import DatabricksSession
 
spark = DatabricksSession.builder.getOrCreate()
```

Spark commands are sent and executed on the cluster, and results are returned to the local environment as needed. 

In the context of Kedro, this has an amazing effect: As long as you don’t explicitly ask for the data to be collected in your local environment, operations will be executed only when saving the outputs of your node. If you use datasets saved to a Databricks path, there will be no performance hit for transferring data between environments. 

This tool was recently made available as a thin client for [Spark Connect](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/spark-connect-overview.html), one of the highlights of Spark 3.4, and configuration was made easier than earlier versions. If your cluster doesn’t support the current Connect, please refer to the [documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/databricks-connect-legacy.html) - Previous versions had different limitations.

>  [Check this video from the Databricks team for a through introduction to Spark Connect](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9IRFSjuLBE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 [Check this video from the Databricks team for a thorough introduction to Spark Connect](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9IRFSjuLBE)

```

This tool was recently made available as a thin client for [Spark Connect](https://spark.apache.org/docs/latest/spark-connect-overview.html), one of the highlights of Spark 3.4, and configuration was made easier than earlier versions. If your cluster doesn’t support the current Connect, please refer to the [documentation](https://docs.databricks.com/en/dev-tools/databricks-connect-legacy.html) - Previous versions had different limitations.

 [Check this video from the Databricks team for a thorough introduction to Spark Connect](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=p9IRFSjuLBE)

 
## How can I use a Databricks Connect workflow with Kedro?
Databricks Connect (and Spark Connect) enables us to have a completely local development flow, while all artifacts can be remote objects. Using Delta tables for all our datasets and MLflow for model objects and tracking, nothing needs to be saved locally.
Developers can take full advantage of the Databricks stack while maintaining their full IDE usage.

## How to use Databricks as your PySpark engine

> [Kedro supports integration with PySpark](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/integrations/pyspark_integration.html) through the use of Hooks. To configure and enable your Databricks session through Spark Connect, simply setup your `SPARK_REMOTE` environment variable with your Databricks configuration. Here is an example implementation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Kedro supports integration with PySpark](https://docs.kedro.org/en/stable/integrations/pyspark_integration.html) through the use of Hooks. To configure and enable your Databricks session through Spark Connect, simply set up your `SPARK_REMOTE` environment variable with your Databricks configuration. Here is an example implementation:

```
